# 21 Lessons

This repository contains the LaTeX source code for the print version of *21
Lessons - What I've Learned from Falling Down the Bitcoin Rabbit Hole*.

![](https://21lessons.com/assets/images/21-lessons-book.png)

## About This Book

This is a bit of an unusual book. But hey, Bitcoin is a bit of an unusual
technology, so an unusual book about Bitcoin might be fitting. This book came to
be because of one simple question: *What have you learned from Bitcoin?* I tried
to answer this question in a single tweet. Then the tweet turned into a
tweetstorm. The tweetstorm turned into an article. The article turned into three
articles. Three articles turned into 21 Lessons. And 21 Lessons turned into this
book.

## Issues, Errors, Comments, Contributions

If you find an error, a dead link, or any other issue, please create an issue on
GitHub or [contact me](https://dergigi.com/contact). Feel free to resolve the
issue directly, if you can, by creating a pull request.

## Print Version

Version [0.3.11](https://github.com/dergigi/21lessons-book/releases/tag/0.3.11)
marks the first edition of the book, released on December 24, 2019. It is
available on [Amazon](https://amzn.to/2VXmQgp).

## eBook Versions

The [ebook branch](https://github.com/dergigi/21lessons-book/tree/ebook) holds a
slightly modified version of the source code suitable for building the eBook
versions of the book.

## Online Version

The [online version](https://github.com/21-lessons/21-lessons.github.io) of this
book is freely available on [21lessons.com](https://21lessons.com), including an
audio version read by Guy Swann from the Cryptoconomy podcast. While the online
version is pretty much the same as the print version, there is some additional
content in the print version: a foreword by Hass McCook, and a quick
introductory section about the book (and about the author).

## Translations

Thanks to the awesome members of the Bitcoin community the book was [translated
to various languages](https://21lessons.com/translations), including:

* Spanish
* Turkish
* Chinese
* [German](https://amzn.to/2VZXe2o)
* Finnish
* Brazilian Portuguese
* Japanese
* Greek

The German print version of the book has a [separate
repository](https://github.com/dergigi/21-lessons-book-de), maintained by the
author.

## License

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0
International License. To view a copy of this license, visit
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/.

---

Created with :heart: by [Gigi](https://dergigi.com/support/).

[![tippin.me](https://badgen.net/badge/%E2%9A%A1%EF%B8%8Ftippin.me/@dergigi/F0918E)](https://tippin.me/@dergigi)
