\chapter*{Foreword}
\pdfbookmark{Foreword}{foreword}

Some call it a religious experience. Others call it Bitcoin.

I first met Gigi in one of my spiritual homes -- Riga, Latvia -- the home of
\textit{The Baltic Honeybadger} Conference, where the most fervent of the
Bitcoin faithful make a yearly pilgrimage. After a deep lunchtime conversation,
the bond Gigi and I forged was as set in stone as a Bitcoin transaction that was
processed when we first shook hands a few hours prior.

My other spiritual home, Christ Church, Oxford, where I had the privilege to
study for my MBA, was where I had my \enquote{Rabbit Hole} moment. Like Gigi, I
transcended the economic, technical and social realms, and was spiritually
enveloped by Bitcoin. After \enquote{buying high} in the November 2013 bubble,
there were several extremely hard-learned lessons to be had in the relentlessly
crushing and seemingly never-ending 3-year bear market. These 21 Lessons would
indeed have served me very well in that time. Many of these lessons are simply
natural truths that, to the uninitiated, are obscured by an opaque, fragile
film. By the end of this book however, the fa\c{c}ade will fragment fiercely.

On a crystal-clear night in Oxford in late-August 2016, just a few weeks after
the knife twisted in my heart again when the Bitfinex Exchange was hacked, I sat
in quiet contemplation at Christ Church’s Master’s Garden. Times were tough, and
I was at my mental and emotional breaking-point after what seemed to be a
lifetime of torture; not because of financial loss, but of the crushing
spiritual loss I felt being isolated in my world view. If only there were
resources like this one at the time to see that I was not alone. The Master’s
Garden is a very special place to me and many who came before me over the
centuries. It was there where one Charles Dodgson, a Math Tutor at Christ
Church, observed one of his young pupils, Alice Liddell, the daughter of the
Dean of Christ Church. Dodgson, better known by his pen-name, Lewis Carroll,
used Alice and The Garden as his inspiration, and in the magic of that hallowed
turf, I stared deeply into the crypto-chasm, and it stared blazingly back,
annihilating my arrogance, and slapping my self-pride square in the face. I was
finally at peace.

21 Lessons takes you on a true Bitcoin journey; not just a journey of
philosophy, technology and economics, but of the soul.

As you dive deeper into the philosophy tersely laid out in 7 of the 21 Lessons,
one can go as far as to understand the origin of all beings with enough time and
contemplation. His 7 lessons on economics captures, in simple terms, how we are
at the financial mercy of a small group of Mad Hatters, and how they have
successfully managed to put blinders on our minds, hearts and souls. The 7
lessons on technology lay out the beauty and technologically-Darwinian
perfection of Bitcoin. Being a non-technical Bitcoiner, the lessons provide a
salient review of the underlying technological nature of Bitcoin, and indeed,
the nature of technology itself.

In this transient experience we call life, we live, love and learn. But what is
life but a timestamped order of events?

Conquering the Bitcoin mountain is not easy. False summits are rife, rocks are
rough, and cracks and crevices are ubiquitously lying in wait to swallow you up.
After reading this book, you will see that Gigi is the ultimate Bitcoin Sherpa,
and I will appreciate him forever.

\begin{flushright}
  Hass McCook \\
  November 29, 2019
\end{flushright}
